Welcome to Duxing University
Duxing University is a
comprehensive university with over
70 years of history
And the East Lake Jump
is one of Duxing U's most iconic events
Are you ready?
Let's start then
Come on
Three, two, one
Action
Say,
Kong Xiaocan...
what exactly is he thinking?
Didn't you say
an ex-boyfriend is as good as dead?
Who knew he could come back from the dead?
Did he come looking for you?
No
Sorry to disappoint you
It's just that...
he shouldn't be like this right now
Inconsistent
Contradicting himself
He should be
a bit simpler
and a bit happier
And I just feel like
things aren't how I imagined them
He's definitely hiding something from me
You don't still like him, do you?
No
Can the actor please get into character?
If we don't finish the promo video today
I'm going to be unhappy
You two are dragging your feet. It's annoying
Get ready to start
Perk up
Action
Welcome to Duxing University
Duxing University is a
comprehensive university with over
70 years of history
And the East Lake Jump
is one of Duxing U's most iconic events
We welcome freshmen to sign up!
Bro
I've asked around for you
For this year's freshmen East Lake Jump
Rui Jie is leading the team
This is the best chance for you two to break the ice
Bro, this is about your future happiness
You just need to show up on time
As for the rest
your brother Li has got it all arranged
Bro
You need to man up
What's the matter with you?
Rui Jie still has you in her heart
Did you forget I can't swim?
I've got you
Kong Xiaocan
Don't be so selfish
How many years can you be with someone?
I've thought it through
I'm not going to East Lake
What?
Say that again
I'm not going
I got so much stuff ready
And you just decide not to go?
I really want to send you flying with a slap
What about Xurui?
I don't care
Not being with me is what's best for her
Kong Xiaocan, is there something wrong with you?
Can't you speak clearly?
I know something happened to your family last year
You didn't want to say, so I didn't ask
That's because we aren't in that kind of
relationship where we need to explain everything
But Xurui is different, right?
Kong Xiaocan
Don't tell me
that from the very start
you never planned to be responsible
Am I that kind of person?
Then you really need to explain
Do you know how much you've changed this past year?
Where did my
brother from another mother
Kong Xiaocan go?
Fine, fine, fine
What is actually going on?
If you don't know what's going on, just...
Okay
I'll give you an example
Suppose
Just suppose
Suppose you were going to die tomorrow
And you knew it yourself
Would you tell the person you like
"Although I'm going to die tomorrow,"
"can we still be together today?"
"Even if just for one day"
Could you say that?
Do you even have to ask?
Yeah
Of course I'd say it!
No, why are you so selfish?
You're the selfish one!
You confess to someone
Does that mean they'll definitely agree?
You don't know what they're thinking
Do you know what Rui Jie thinks?
Unilateral breakup
Without giving a reason
And saying it's for their own good
That is what's selfish
Get it?
What if she doesn't forgive you?
Still with the "suppose"?
Apology letter
For the College of Physical Education
Lin Xurui
It's me
Xurui
I know
you don't want to see me
but I still want to get this apology
to your ears
The grades
Point one
You're still the best
That incident with the scumbag that day
Xurui
It's not shameful
And it's not your fault
What are you doing?
We can carry it together
You were right to hit him
Shut up, you! Xurui
This...
Don't hit me
Stop
This is gonna kill someone!
Uh, Xurui, no...
I have some food for you
Take the food
I'm leaving
Uh, I swapped all your purple cabbage
for broccoli
Check before you eat, take a look
Grabbed a prime spot for you
Drink it while it's hot
It's finally off.
Finally, I can drop two of my jobs.
It's been hard on you.
Mom, let me... let me take another look.
The hard days are almost over.
Mom. Mom. Son.
Mom! Oh, Mom!
It's been hard on you, Son.
Tell me,
if there was a woman
living with you,
and you were really close,
hugging and cuddling in public,
who would you think she is?
Definitely my wife.
Exactly.
There's another possibility.
What possibility?
My mom.
Just eat your food.
Suddenly a cousin pops up,
and they're so close.
Who are they trying to fool?
But thinking about it carefully,
Kong Xiaocan doesn't have the guts to be a scumbag.
And that talk about "blood is thicker than water."
If things aren't as simple as they seem,
then what is really going on?
If Kong Xiaocan won't talk,
can't I just find out myself?
Xurui
Xurui, is that you?
Uh, just getting some things.
Class is over, Xurui?
Are you hungry?
Have you eaten?
Should I go get you something?
You're in a good mood.
About that...
I don't usually tell people this.
But since it's you...
My home...
...is being demolished.
You have no idea...
...how hard this past year has been.
And for Xiaocan too.
Xiaocan works several jobs a day.
Just to support this family.
It's been exhausting.
But it'll be better from now on.
It's all good days ahead.
Support the family?
You mean Xiaocan has been supporting the family all year?
I'm really not bragging.
That kid Xiaocan...
...he really is such a good kid.
And in this past year...
...he's become much more mature and steady.
You can put him to the test.
He definitely won't let you down.
Really.
Guifang.
Been looking for you for ages.
Go to Mr. Gao's...
...and pick up the schedule for our event.
And print the list of accompanying personnel too.
Also buy me a bottle of water.
You know what I like.
Hey.
Can you not...
...always make freshmen run errands for you?
What are you saying?
What kind of talk is that?
It's all work for the Student Union.
How is it running errands just for me?
I see the freshmen have initiative.
Student Guifang here has high initiative, doesn't she?
Right?
Student Guifang?
Yes, yes, yes.
I'll go buy it right now.
Let me tell you...
...don't go too far.
I'm giving her a chance to improve herself.
Xiaoyin.
Why aren't you asleep yet?
Why are you back so late, Fang'er?
Student Union meeting.
After it ended...
...Xiao Cao assigned me a bunch of tasks.
Just finished.
Xiao Cao?
Your Vice President?
Why does he always boss you around?
Maybe...
...the kid is just too tired and busy.
Guifang, don't be such a pushover.
I've heard about him before.
He just likes throwing his weight around and making freshmen work.
Your time is precious too.
You only have so much free time.
You can't let the Student Union take it all.
Don't worry.
I know what I'm doing.
Alright, go to sleep.
It's getting late.
Alright then.
I'll sleep after I finish sewing this.
Fang'er
Time to go to the library
Fang'er, wake up. Get up
Fang'er
Wake up, wake up
Xiaoyin
Why so early when there's no class, Xiaoyin?
If you go late, there won't be seats in the library
Or do you want us to save one for you?
Hurry up and get up
I'm up, I'm up
Zhuyun
Have you finished memorizing the CET-4 words?
Not yet
Did you finish?
It's nothing, just asking
I'm relieved you haven't
You scared me
It's still so early
It's not even light outside
It'll be too late by the time it's light
I'm going to save seats first
You hurry up
Over here
What took you so long?
It was hard to get these seats. Quick, quick
Guifang
Here
Come over here
This is the daily life of college students now
Slacking off in class
Grinding like crazy after class
Then have I been wasting
Too much time elsewhere?
Immersive learning
Don't you guys dislike this major?
It's exactly because we don't like it and have no interest
That we have to work harder
Otherwise we'll be even more useless
Lend me a pen
Here
So studious
Not like Kong Xiaocan at all
This movement
Is exactly the same as Xiaocan's
Let's go. What are we eating later?
Your shoelace is untied, Guifang
What did they cover today?
This way of tying shoelaces
Is also exactly the same as Xiaocan's
Okay
Guifang
My mom said she wants to send me fruit
And send some to your parents too
No need
There's only two people at home right now
No one else
Thanks to your mom
Okay
Just two people
Mom
Does she mean her and Xiaocan?
Guifang said no need, thank you
There isn't even an adult in the house
Fangfang
I saw a Hunan restaurant opened at the school gate
But it's a bit spicy
Xu Qian and the others can't handle it
Can you eat spicy food?
I can't really eat spicy food either
Then what do you like to eat?
Sour stuff, I guess
Let me tell you
The vinegar cabbage I make is delicious
I'll make it for you next time
Sure
Vinegar cabbage is my absolute favorite
Her taste is exactly the same as Xiaocan's too
There are still mosquitoes in this season?
Maybe because I'm Type O, I attract mosquitoes
I'm Type O too. We're a perfect match
Blood type is the same too
Could it be
They really are long-lost biological siblings?
Junior's back.
Come here.
Thanks for the hard work.
But I have to trouble you again.
We need to take these registration forms...
...and sort them into three groups by grade and college.
Two buses for each group.
Then why didn't you say so earlier?
If you had told me earlier...
...I would've sorted them while collecting them.
I just got the notice myself.
Junior.
Please sort them out.
Just give them to me tomorrow morning.
I have something to do.
I'm heading out first.
Alright, alright. Go get busy.
Off to work!
This kid...
Xiaoyin, you're here.
Fangfang, why are you still working on this?
Aren't you going to eat?
I'll go after I finish these.
It's that Cao Gang again, isn't it?
It's fine, it's not much.
I'll be done in a bit.
What do I do? I'll help you.
No, no, no need.
You just sit and rest.
You know, those studying in the library...
...are doing it for guaranteed grad school admission.
Those selling stuff in the dorms are doing it to make money.
What are you wearing yourself out for?
It's just lending a hand.
If I can help, I help.
You college students are all busy.
I understand.
But you're a college student too.
I'm different.
Brother Maizi, bye.
Bye? What bye-bye?
Did you forget something?
Right.
I forgot.
How many times have I said it?
Okay, okay, okay.
Let me, let me, let me.
Can't even take off clothes properly?
Come here. How did I teach you?
Forty-five degrees downward.
This outfit is precious.
If this leather gets wrinkled...
...it'll be hard to return.
Come on, necklace.
I'll do it, I'll do it.
This thing...
...if you break it, we have to pay for it.
Watch.
I'll wear it.
Shoes.
Soles.
It's fine.
How many times have I told you?
Keep a low profile. Low profile.
Where's your mask?
Take out your mask. Come on.
You never bring anything with you.
If someone snaps a photo of you living here...
...your image will be ruined, you know?
Wearing the mask makes you look even more like a star.
Come on, take it off. Take it off.
About the car...
Alright, go back inside.
Be careful.
Don't just talk to anyone.
Lock the doors and windows tight.
Okay.
Let's go.
Xiaotian.
Guifang.
Long time no see.
Did you just come back from school?
How about you?
Lately, I don't seem...
...to have seen you at school much.
I haven't been there a single day since registration.
Brother Maizi said I have a lot of work piled up.
I can't go back to school until it's done.
You haven't gone a single day?
Then didn't you get in for nothing?
I won't get expelled, will I?
Probably not.
I don't think so.
How many days of leave did you take?
I'll go ask for you.
I'm in the Student Union now.
That's impressive.
It's alright.
Just organizing activities...
...doing odd jobs...
...and running errands.
That busy, huh?
But Brother Maizi said...
...being busy...
...means your ability is recognized.
It shows you're capable.
You don't actually think...
...that it's because you're talented enough...
...that you're assigned so much work, do you?
Isn't that right?
Forget it.
I have no right to lecture you either.
The two of us...
...are both being treated like pushovers.
Finally, it's the weekend.
I'm done with the Student Union chores too.
I'm definitely going to get some good rest today.
Cousin, are you home?
My mom bought matsutake and asked me to bring some over.
We can make soup with it.
Xiaocan.
Are you there?
Coming, coming.
Are you there? Are you there? Are you there?
Open the door. Open the door. Open the door.
I'm just destined to toil.
Coming, coming.
Cousin.
That kitchen knife is too dangerous.
Let me do it.
I'll do it, I'll do it.
In the past, just cutting vegetables,
you'd cut your hand.
And now you're chopping meat?
Go.
You soak the matsutake for me.
This Kong Xiaocan really tells people everything.
Don't use cold water, use hot water.
You sure know a lot.
Come, come, come.
Use this. Hot water.
Cousin is cooking for me.
Cousin likes me.
Their family tradition is to take the mother's surname.
Future children will be named Kong.
I have no problem with that.
What are you smiling at?
I have no problem.
Then wash the vegetables for me.
No problem.
By the way,
I've joined the Student Union now.
So fast?
That's impressive.
It's alright, it's alright.
I heard...
our Student Union's Vice Minister...
is Xurui, right?
Rui Jie? I know her too well.
Really?
Xurui is a good kid.
I heard...
she and Xiaocan were a couple.
I get angry just mentioning this.
What's wrong?
You talk about Kong Xiaocan...
he chased her but didn't cherish her.
He even initiated the breakup.
Initiated the breakup?
Why?
No... Xurui is such a good girl.
Why break up?
Xiaocan...
suddenly said...
something big happened at home.
Said he had to suspend his studies to support the family.
Said he didn't want to hold Xurui back.
So he unilaterally broke up with her.
That was because of me.
No.
How... how could it be because of you?
It refers to Godmother getting sick.
It definitely has nothing to do with you.
Isn't that exactly because of me?
Well, if you insist on putting it that way...
I guess so.
Look...
if Godmother hadn't gotten sick,
you wouldn't have been able to come here.
If you hadn't come here,
then... then we wouldn't have met.
But Cousin,
don't worry.
Xiaocan...
still really wants to win Xurui back.
And Xurui has never let go of Xiaocan either.
The bond between them never really shattered.
They'll definitely get back together.
The main thing is, with a genius like me here...
with my divine assist...
there will be no problem.
Regarding this matter,
don't feel burdened.
Okay.
Then don't tell him I know about this either.
I don't want him to feel burdened.
Cousin,
this mouth of mine...
is famously tight.
Bro
Look at the time
Why did you call me out here?
To wait for Xurui
This is the path she takes for training
You finally figured it out
Then couldn't you just wait for her yourself?
Why did you call me?
I was afraid I'd be bored
But we don't need to play basketball this early
There is no "we"
It's you
I was afraid *you* would be bored
I'll eat breakfast first
Don't move
That's for your girl
You go do some fasted cardio
I won't do fasted cardio then
Go on
Fine
So my good bro can get back together with his girl
Bro is going all out
Bro
This burger is going to go bad in a minute
If Rui Jie eats this
She's gonna get a stomachache
I'm scared just thinking about it for you
You have to thank me
Wait, are we still waiting?
I called and she didn't pick up
Sent messages and she hasn't replied yet
Should we take off?
I saved that bite of meat for last
You leave
Then I'm taking off too
I'm going back to catch up on sleep
Bro
Ball
Are you okay?
Are you blind?
Sorry
You okay?
You've got a nosebleed
I'm fine
Buddy
Let's go to the infirmary
Go get checked out
He bled for me
Within three minutes
I want all of this guy's info
Guifang, we're leaving first
Okay, okay
Little Rui
I have something to tell you
It's about Xiaocan
So sudden
Go ahead
Little Rui
I'm very sorry
I can't tell you the whole truth
But I can tell you honestly
I am much older than I look
Old enough to have a son who can run errands
My son is Kong Xiaocan
She and Kong Xiaocan have a son
Our family
Went through a huge change
It was Xiaocan who shouldered all the responsibility
Supporting the family
So that I could prepare for exams with peace of mind
If it weren't for Xiaocan
I wouldn't even have the chance to go to college
Understood
All the clues connect now
My cousin is definitely my blood relative
Only two people in the family for now
Must be the wife
Old enough to have a son who can run errands
Anyway
Xiaocan
Is a particularly responsible child
Do you understand what I mean?
Xiaocan
Mom can only help you this far
That goddamn scumbag
I understand
You've suffered
I feel like I explained it clearly.
Xurui should have understood.
Then I can rest easy.
Brother Si.
Help me think of something.
What should I do?
How can I get Xurui to make up with me?
Kong Xiaocan!
Xurui!
You jerk!
You and Kong Guifang even have a child!
And you still come looking for me?
Let me tell you,
don't let me see you ever again!
No, her? What about her? Who?
Kong Gui... and I...
No...
This is a misunderstanding!
No, Kong Guifang does have a child.
But I don't.
Kong... Kong Guifang doesn't have one now.
The child... she... she...
She just doesn't have a child!
It's gone!
Gone!
You... listen to my explanation!
You jerk!
You have a child and won't admit it?
I didn't!
Be a human being, you jerk! Get lost!
Don't follow me!
Guifang.
Xurui.
About this matter...
I shouldn't have told you,
but today you must listen to me.
Kong Xiaocan is a scumbag.
One word: Split.
Three words:
Split right now.
Break up.
No, wait.
How is Xiaocan a scumbag?
What happened?
What break up?
You're still in the dark?
Kong Xiaocan won't even acknowledge your child.
Break up immediately.
Child?
I'll raise it for you.
Break up!
No...
What do you mean you'll raise my child?
I have a child with Kong Xiaocan?
Don't you and Kong Xiaocan have a child?
Who told you that?
You said it!
You said you and Xiaocan have a child,
and the child is quite big already.
That's why Xiaocan had to earn money to support the family.
Stop.
What I meant was...
there are just two people in our family.
Since I'm preparing for exams,
Kong Xiaocan has to focus on supporting the family.
No...
You got pregnant unexpectedly,
so Xiaocan had to drop out of school.
You didn't tell us because...
I am his mom.
Who?
I had a serious illness,
and used an experimental drug.
That's why I look like this now.
I look a bit young,
but I don't have a child.
Really.
At least give me a chance to explain!
I'm an innocent guy!
When is the East Lake Jump?
Take a look.
What are you showing me?
Just look.
That expression...
The hand...
The eyes...
Although I don't know about your high school days,
judging from this period of time,
I think Kong Xiaocan is a jerk.
But after editing just now,
I feel...
you still care about him.
You really like him, really love him.
Xurui.
What are you doing here?
I came to eat with you.
I just went to find Xiaocan.
He said he's in a bad mood and wouldn't eat with me.
Let's eat together then.
Not in the mood.
These two are really worrying.
Isn't that because of your good friend Kong Xiaocan?
When he was good with Xurui,
it felt like he'd give his life for her.
One minute he disappears,
the next he's suddenly all affectionate.
I don't know what he's thinking.
It's so annoying.
I'm annoyed too.
What should we eat?